Outreach/readme.md, before:

# Outreach

## Navigation
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Special Topic Webinars](#special-topic-webinars)
  - [Community Forums](./Community_Forums)
  - [Community Panels](./Community_Panels)
- [TOPS Newsletter](#tops-newsletter)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
- [Conferences](#conferences)
- [Outreach Within NASA](#outreach-within-nasa)

## Overview

Open Science is built on community. Parallel to the core values of Open Science, NASA's Transform to Open Science (TOPS) efforts can't be successful without working with diverse communities, agencies, institutions, and disciplines. When we learn from each other, we become stronger together.

In reaching a diverse range of individuals, TOPS aims to spread awareness about Open Science, how it can seemlessly be utilized in research, and how it can foster a culture of diversity, accessibility, and equity.

Our methodologies for achieving these goals consist of the following:

## Special Topic Webinars

TOPS on occassion hosts special topic webinars that can be organized into two groups:

| Webinar Type  | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| [TOPS Community Panels](./Community_Panels) | Bring together leaders from the open science, open source software, and data science communities with the NASA TOPS team for a detailed review of TOPS plans. These meetinging will be public and have a mechanism for the public to submit questions. |
| [TOPS Community Forums](./Community_Forums) | are public meetings where we discuss the TOPS initiative, open science activities from special guests, and open science at large. We try to make these sessions interactive, with plenty of room for questions and discussions. Come join us! Public participation always encouraged! |

## TOPS Newsletter

[Join the TOPS email list](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/) to hear about open science activities, stories, news, and funding opportunities.

### Past Newsletter Releases
For a preview of our content from our email list, feel free to read our [past newsletter releases](../TOPS_Newsletter).

## Podcasts
Below are examples of podcasts that TOPS has collaborated on to promote Open Science.

- [Down to Earth Podcast (GRSS and IEEE)](https://www.grss-ieee.org/down-to-earth-podcast/)
- [Small Steps Giant Leaps](https://www.nasa.gov/podcasts/small-steps-giant-leaps/small-steps-giant-leaps-episode-129-accelerating-discoveries-with-open-science/)
- [NASA's Curious Universe](https://www.nasa.gov/podcasts/curious-universe/how-open-science-and-ai-are-advancing-hurricane-research/)

## Conferences

TOPS will build capacity for practicing open science by [attending scientific conferences](./TOPS_Conferences.md) across the nation.

## Outreach Within NASA
Just as it is very important to spread awareness of Open Science to the broader research community, it is also very important to spread awareness and develop relationships within NASA. 

### Communities of Practice
A community of practice is defined as a group of people who share a craft or a profession.  In this case, those participating in or advocating for open-source science. TOPS will build such as community through a GitHub repository, an informative Newsletter, a LinkedIn group, and Space Apps Challenges.

### Space Apps Challenges:

  - [Make a Moonquake Map!](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/2023/challenges/make-a-moonquake-map-20/)
  - [Mapping data for societal benefit](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/2023/challenges/mapping-data-for-societal-benefit/)
  - [A Marketplace for Open Science Projects](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/2023/challenges/a-marketplace-for-open-science-projects/)

### TOPS Champions

TOPS Champions are NASA civil servants and contractors that are present at 6 NASA centers. They serve as open science ambassadors and subject matter experts.

### Citizen Science

The TOPS initiative is working with the Citizen Science program at NASA.  To learn more about Citizen Science at NASA, [learn more here](https://science.nasa.gov/citizen-science/).

Commit message:

Further condense communities of practice

Outreach/readme.md, after:

# Outreach

## Navigation
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Special Topic Webinars](#special-topic-webinars)
  - [Community Forums](./Community_Forums)
  - [Community Panels](./Community_Panels)
- [TOPS Newsletter](#tops-newsletter)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
- [Conferences](#conferences)
- [Outreach Within NASA](#outreach-within-nasa)

## Overview

Open Science is built on community. Parallel to the core values of Open Science, NASA's Transform to Open Science (TOPS) efforts can't be successful without working with diverse communities, agencies, institutions, and disciplines. When we learn from each other, we become stronger together.

In reaching a diverse range of individuals, TOPS aims to spread awareness about Open Science, how it can seemlessly be utilized in research, and how it can foster a culture of diversity, accessibility, and equity.

Our methodologies for achieving these goals consist of the following:

## Special Topic Webinars

TOPS on occassion hosts special topic webinars that can be organized into two groups:

| Webinar Type  | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| [TOPS Community Panels](./Community_Panels) | Bring together leaders from the open science, open source software, and data science communities with the NASA TOPS team for a detailed review of TOPS plans. These meetinging will be public and have a mechanism for the public to submit questions. |
| [TOPS Community Forums](./Community_Forums) | are public meetings where we discuss the TOPS initiative, open science activities from special guests, and open science at large. We try to make these sessions interactive, with plenty of room for questions and discussions. Come join us! Public participation always encouraged! |

## TOPS Newsletter

[Join the TOPS email list](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/) to hear about open science activities, stories, news, and funding opportunities.

### Past Newsletter Releases
For a preview of our content from our email list, feel free to read our [past newsletter releases](../TOPS_Newsletter).

## Podcasts
Below are examples of podcasts that TOPS has collaborated on to promote Open Science.

- [Down to Earth Podcast (GRSS and IEEE)](https://www.grss-ieee.org/down-to-earth-podcast/)
- [Small Steps Giant Leaps](https://www.nasa.gov/podcasts/small-steps-giant-leaps/small-steps-giant-leaps-episode-129-accelerating-discoveries-with-open-science/)
- [NASA's Curious Universe](https://www.nasa.gov/podcasts/curious-universe/how-open-science-and-ai-are-advancing-hurricane-research/)

## Conferences

TOPS will build capacity for practicing open science by [attending scientific conferences](./TOPS_Conferences.md) across the nation.

## Outreach Within NASA
It is very important for the success of Open Science and TOPS to spread awareness within NASA.

### Communities of Practice
A community of practice is a group of people who share a craft or a profession.  In this case, those participating in or advocating for open-source science. TOPS will build such as community through a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/nasa/Transform-to-Open-Science), an informative [Newsletter](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/), a [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/groups/12833665/) group, and [Space Apps Challenges](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/).

#### Space Apps Challenges:
Proposed Space Apps Challenges will promote Open Science practices and the aforementioned communities of practice.

  - [Make a Moonquake Map!](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/2023/challenges/make-a-moonquake-map-20/)
  - [Mapping data for societal benefit](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/2023/challenges/mapping-data-for-societal-benefit/)
  - [A Marketplace for Open Science Projects](https://www.spaceappschallenge.org/2023/challenges/a-marketplace-for-open-science-projects/)

### TOPS Champions

TOPS Champions are NASA civil servants and contractors that are present at 6 NASA centers. They serve as open science ambassadors and subject matter experts.

### Citizen Science

The TOPS initiative is working with the Citizen Science program at NASA.  To learn more about Citizen Science at NASA, [learn more here](https://science.nasa.gov/citizen-science/).
