Docs/Outreach/readme.md, before:

<img align="right" src="../../Assets/Repository/Outreach/Communities_CynthiaHall.png" width="300" alt="image showing domaine, community, and practice">

# Outreach Efforts

With the successful passage of 2023's Year of Open Science, our efforts continue to revolve around two primary areas of focus.  Those being outreach to the broader open science community, and inreach to individuals within NASA.

## Reaching Out To The Community

Open Science is built on community. Central to its success is diversity, inclusivity, accessibility and equity. NASA's Transform to Open Science (TOPS) efforts can't be successful without working with diverse communities. When we learn from each other, we all come out stronger.

Critical to these relationships is open, candid, and complete two-way communication.  Read more about how the TOPS team will engage with the community below.  You can also read about our community participation model [here](./community_participation.md).

### Community Forums and Listening Sessions

These sessions will educate the public about NASA's Open-Source science Initiative (OSSI) and the TOPS program and create conversation where people can engage with us, give feedback on initiatives, and discuss opportunities and challenges. These sessions will feature an open-source science advocate/practitioner or discuss a topic of interest, followed by a listening session where participants have an opportunity to shape the conversation. The ultimate goal of the sessions is to have the community transition into long-term partnerships with increased community involvement.

#### Come join us! 

- [Upcoming and Past Community Forums](../../Events/Community_Forums/)
- [Registration Link](https://go.nasa.gov/3EG6uye)
- [Question Submission Link](https://nasa.cnf.io/sessions/kzbb/#!/dashboard)

### Community Panels

The TOPS Community Panel is another way we create community and discover best practices for engagement. This event brings together leaders from the open science, open source software, and data science communities with the NASA TOPS team for a detailed review of TOPS plans and vibrant discussion.  Panelists review and provide input on NASA’s strategy for transitioning to open-source science. Feedback helps us shape engagement and community building practices for the Year of Open Science in 2023.

#### Come join us!

- [Upcoming and Past Community Panels](../../Events/Community_Panels/)

### Conferences and Workshops

Throughout 2023, the Year of Open Science, TOPS will build capacity for practicing open-source science by [attending scientific conferences](../../Events/TOPS-Conferences) across the nation. 

Our team will: 

 - Build our [email list](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/) and expand our brand footprint 
 - Engage with large conference societies (i.e. AGU, AMS, AAS, AAAS) to designate 2023 conference theme with a focus of open science
 - Lead regular discussions of open science practices and initiatives in 2023 and beyond at many major scientific conferences
 - Educate stakeholders through a comprehensive curriculum workshop

### Citizen Science

We realize that the road to making open science a reality doesn’t begin and end with academics and NASA scientists. We want to reach science-interested populations too! Citizen science provides an opportunity for the general science-interested public to get involved with scientific research to address societal needs, particularly those at a regional or local level, and to advance innovation. [In citizen science](https://www.citizenscience.gov), community members "formulate research questions, conduct scientific experiments, collect and analyze data, interpret results, make new discoveries, develop technologies and applications, and solve complex problems."

NASA has been engaged in numerous citizen science projects across SMD and this is another exciting opportunity to do more! 

NASA TOPS will promote the inclusion of citizen and participatory science as integral parts of open science policies and practices at the national and international levels through the following tactics. We will: 
 - Host webinars or listening sessions with the citizen science organizations
 - Promote TOPS curricula across their organization/communities
 - Highlight success stories around open science efforts


### Want TOPS at Your Event?

[Let us know!](https://github.com/nasa/Transform-to-Open-Science/discussions) We want to hear from you!

You can also receive new open science stories as they are released by [subscribing to our newsletter](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/).

## Open Science at NASA

Commit message:

A little more refinement to overall content structure for outreach

Docs/Outreach/readme.md, after:

<img align="right" src="../../Assets/Repository/Outreach/Communities_CynthiaHall.png" width="300" alt="image showing domaine, community, and practice">

# Outreach Efforts

With the successful passage of 2023's Year of Open Science, our efforts continue to revolve around two primary areas of focus.  Those being outreach to the broader Open Science community, and inreach to individuals within NASA.

## Reaching Out To The Community

Open Science is built on community. Central to its success is diversity, inclusivity, accessibility and equity. NASA's Transform to Open Science (TOPS) efforts can't be successful without working with diverse communities. When we learn from each other, we all come out stronger.

Critical to these relationships is open, candid, and complete two-way communication.  Read more about how the TOPS team will engage with the community below.  You can also read about our community participation model [here](./community_participation.md).

### Community Forums and Listening Sessions

These sessions will educate the public about NASA's Open-Source science Initiative (OSSI) and the TOPS program and create conversation where people can engage with us, give feedback on initiatives, and discuss opportunities and challenges. These sessions will feature an open-source science advocate/practitioner or discuss a topic of interest, followed by a listening session where participants have an opportunity to shape the conversation. The ultimate goal of the sessions is to have the community transition into long-term partnerships with increased community involvement.

#### Come join us! 

- [Upcoming and Past Community Forums](../../Events/Community_Forums/)
- [Registration Link](https://go.nasa.gov/3EG6uye)
- [Question Submission Link](https://nasa.cnf.io/sessions/kzbb/#!/dashboard)

### Community Panels

The TOPS Community Panel is another way we create community and discover best practices for engagement. This event brings together leaders from the Open Science, open source software, and data science communities with the NASA TOPS team for a detailed review of TOPS plans and vibrant discussion.  Panelists review and provide input on NASA’s strategy for transitioning to open-source science. Feedback helps us shape engagement and community building practices for the Year of Open Science in 2023.

#### Come join us!

- [Upcoming and Past Community Panels](../../Events/Community_Panels/)

### Conferences and Workshops

Throughout 2023, the Year of Open Science, TOPS will build capacity for practicing open-source science by [attending scientific conferences](../../Events/TOPS-Conferences) across the nation. 

Our team will: 

 - Build our [email list](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/) and expand our brand footprint 
 - Engage with large conference societies (i.e. AGU, AMS, AAS, AAAS) to designate 2023 conference theme with a focus of Open Science
 - Lead regular discussions of Open Science practices and initiatives in 2023 and beyond at many major scientific conferences
 - Educate stakeholders through a comprehensive curriculum workshop

### Citizen Science

We realize that the road to making Open Science a reality doesn’t begin and end with academics and NASA scientists. We want to reach science-interested populations too! Citizen science provides an opportunity for the general science-interested public to get involved with scientific research to address societal needs, particularly those at a regional or local level, and to advance innovation. [In citizen science](https://www.citizenscience.gov), community members "formulate research questions, conduct scientific experiments, collect and analyze data, interpret results, make new discoveries, develop technologies and applications, and solve complex problems."

NASA has been engaged in numerous citizen science projects across SMD and this is another exciting opportunity to do more! 

NASA TOPS will promote the inclusion of citizen and participatory science as integral parts of Open Science policies and practices at the national and international levels through the following tactics. We will: 
 - Host webinars or listening sessions with the citizen science organizations
 - Promote TOPS curricula across their organization/communities
 - Highlight success stories around Open Science efforts

### Online Communnity

TOPS recognizes the importance of online communities in spreading the word of Open Science.  Find out more about TOP's online strategy [here](./online_community_strategy.md).

### Want TOPS at Your Event?

[Let us know!](https://github.com/nasa/Transform-to-Open-Science/discussions) We want to hear from you!

You can also receive new Open Science stories as they are released by [subscribing to our newsletter](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science/signup/).

## Open Science at NASA

TOPS also aims to foster Open Science collaboration within NASA itself. This includes building Communities of Practice, organizing Space Apps Challenges, engaging with programs like MUREP, and much more.  Read more about our internal strategy [here](./internal_strategy.md).
