TOPST/readme.md, before:

# TOPS Training Solicitation 

Transform to Open Science Training or "TOPST" is a Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES) solicitation. TOPST is solicitation F.14 and can be found [here](https://nspires.nasaprs.com/external/viewrepositorydocument/cmdocumentid=860824/solicitationId=%7BAB776446-03A8-4C24-845D-2E5A2ADA2D5A%7D/viewSolicitationDocument=1/F.14_TOPST_Amend46.pdf). 

Resources for proposal development are available [here](./proposal_resources.md).

**TOPST element solicits proposals for:**

**1. The development of the ScienceCore, a discipline specific scientific use cases curriculum,** 

**2. Implementation of Summer Schools to teach Open Science 101, and** 

**3. Implementation of Virtual Cohorts to complete Open Science 101.** 

The training material as well as the design of the learning activities should be targeted to audiences from undergraduate students to established scientists and managers from all science disciplines supported by NASA’s Science Mission Directorate (SMD). More information on the ScienceCore is available [here](../Trainings) and on the Open Science 101 is available [here](../Trainings/).

## Similar Funding Opportunities

While the TOPST solicitation has come to a close, you can visit the [NASA webpage for open science funding opportunities](https://science.nasa.gov/researchers/open-science/nasa-open-science-funding-opportunities/). Please check the web page for the latest information about these solicitations.

## Frequently Asked Questions

FAQs specific to TOPST is located [on our Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7194641), while general FAQs related to ROSES-2022 [are located here](https://science.nasa.gov/researchers/sara/faqs#14).

## Additional Proposal Resources
Proposal resources curated by the TOPS team are available [here](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science-Book/Proposal_Resources/readme.html).

## Related Webinars

### October 2022 Community Forum
* [Link to recording - October](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTtmdWqUr1c)
* [Link to deck - October](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7195790)

### November 2022 Community Forum

* [Link to recording - November](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAhDVhPKrwM)
* [Link to deck - November](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7311818)

Commit message:

Consolidate proposal resources and proposal elements into TOPST readme

TOPST/readme.md, after:

# TOPS Training Solicitation 

Transform to Open Science Training or "TOPST" is a Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES) solicitation. TOPST is solicitation F.14 and can be found [here](https://nspires.nasaprs.com/external/viewrepositorydocument/cmdocumentid=860824/solicitationId=%7BAB776446-03A8-4C24-845D-2E5A2ADA2D5A%7D/viewSolicitationDocument=1/F.14_TOPST_Amend46.pdf). 

Resources for proposal development are available [here](./proposal_resources.md).

### TOPST element solicits proposals for:

1. The development of the ScienceCore, a discipline specific scientific use cases curriculum
2. Implementation of Summer Schools to teach Open Science 101
3. Implementation of Virtual Cohorts to complete Open Science 101.

The training material as well as the design of the learning activities should be targeted to audiences from undergraduate students to established scientists and managers from all science disciplines supported by NASA’s Science Mission Directorate (SMD). More information on the ScienceCore is available [here](../Trainings) and on the Open Science 101 is available [here](../Trainings/).

### Additional Proposal Elements

TOPST requires both an **Open-Source Science Development Plan** (replaces the Data Management Plan) and an **Equal Access Plan**. More information on these elements is available [here](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science-Book/TOPST/TOPST_proposal_elements.html).

You can likewise find resources for ROSES proposals [here](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science-Book/Proposal_Resources/readme.html).

## More Funding Opportunities

While the TOPST solicitation **has come to a close**, you can visit the [NASA webpage for open science funding opportunities](https://science.nasa.gov/researchers/open-science/nasa-open-science-funding-opportunities/). Please check the web page for the latest information about these solicitations.

## Additional Resources

Proposal resources curated by the TOPS team are available [here](https://nasa.github.io/Transform-to-Open-Science-Book/Proposal_Resources/readme.html).

### Frequently Asked Questions

FAQs specific to TOPST is located [on our Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7194641), while general FAQs related to ROSES-2022 [are located here](https://science.nasa.gov/researchers/sara/faqs#14).

## Related Webinars

### October 2022 Community Forum
* [Link to recording - October](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTtmdWqUr1c)
* [Link to deck - October](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7195790)

### November 2022 Community Forum

* [Link to recording - November](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAhDVhPKrwM)
* [Link to deck - November](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7311818)
